She wanted to talk to her boss about her performance, because she thought she deserved a raise.
We can go to the museum.
If you don't tell me where he went, I am going to start crying.
His mom was so upset that he knew he couldn't tell her the truth.
I’d like to honor an event.
This shouldn't be a big deal.
Time is money.
I only eat glazed donuts.
Sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches.
What he likes best is being around his friends.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
I prefer to go to school.
He can hardly speak.
We love the idea of taking over a legacy restaurant.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
Don't go there!
Are you seriously going to let him talk about me that way?
Don’t get too excited!
Are your grandparents doing well?
We see them every week.
Bonds are safer.
I can be greedy sometimes.
He has a nice sum of money put away.
He was innocent of the crime.
I imagine you think of this activity as something characters from a Jane Austin novel did.
I have a brochure for our vacation.
There is a chair below the window.
I want to stand up.
I'm one of his fiercest critics.
We reached London this afternoon.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
This lasagna is delicious.
Star Trek is interesting to watch.
The advanced technology is what sold me.
When she heard the sirens, she knew something was seriously wrong.
Why can you open the door?
That's all!
Get your act together!
How old is he now?
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
This song is very special to me.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
She’s an excellent photographer.
It will definitely happen sometime in the future.
He owes me a lot of money.
It's an important company.
The gods help those who help themselves.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
She sat next to a mom with a baby on the train, and the baby threw up on her.
It was the start of a golden age for French restaurants in New York that continued for decades.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
A red tie will match that suit.
The river flows so fast.
She dreamed an evil henchman was forcing her to count every single hair on her head.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
The movie industry became a big business.
Which is faster, a train or a bus?
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
That makes a big difference, doesn't it?
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
This song is very special to me.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
She’s an excellent photographer.
It will definitely happen sometime in the future.
He owes me a lot of money.
It's an important company.
The gods help those who help themselves.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
She sat next to a mom with a baby on the train, and the baby threw up on her.
It was the start of a golden age for French restaurants in New York that continued for decades.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
A red tie will match that suit.
The river flows so fast.
She dreamed an evil henchman was forcing her to count every single hair on her head.
This town isn't big enough for both of us.
The movie industry became a big business.
Which is faster, a train or a bus?
Did I tell you I saw a big rat in the kitchen?
That makes a big difference, doesn't it?
They dressed the baby as a pot of honey for Halloween.
She has a beautiful smile.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
We can get ice cream.
You have to look closely to know.
Sometimes I get confused where the ball went.
Europe is old.
We need congressional support.
He never calls this late at night.
There is nothing else I'd rather be doing.
I am a football fan.
She wanted to live in a skyscraper but she settled for a walkup.
Your sister is my best friend because she always shares her treats with me.
There were four people playing the game: her, her boyfriend, her boyfriend's roommate, Steve, and Steve's girlfriend, Cara.
It is a myth that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space.
It was impossible to determine how long they would be stuck in traffic.
When did China become a Communist country?
Her grandmother gave her the bracelet.
Is football a sport?
It’s as quick as lightning.
I take off my slippers and put on my socks and shoes.
She wants to be stronger, even if that means being meaner.
Tinder doesn't work.
It's a big deal to Tom, I think.
He had pink and green hair.
I have no money at the moment.
California is not in the United Kingdom.
She wondered how many people actually bought the perch they kept behind the counter at coffee shops.
There are eggs in the nest.
I am starting work soon.
Mom made me a sandwich.
You make me so happy.
This company's profit margin is very big.
A man from my future came to me today.
It seems all right.
The moms and dads all sat around drinking coffee and eating donuts.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
I like the Wimbledon.
How beautiful she is!
Everything will be okay in the end.
Sam felt sick after eating five huge candy bars.
Bumble sucks.
She was scared by the earthquake.
Tom answered the first question on the test.
He does everything without aim.
We made it to the club.
I'm asking as a friend.
Most of the people who agreed to sell their livers had already sold one of their kidneys.
She bought the green eyeshadow spontaneously, then regretted the purchase.
She bought him a camera that was too clunky to fit in his shirt pocket.
I get on the bus.
The horse raced past the barn and fell.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
You can't skip laundry, but you can now skip adding detergent.
Malala Yousafzai got married yesterday.
Do you like spaghetti?
What's bothering you?
What are your favorite foods?
That is a huge deal for me.
The Golden Age in many countries died down due to wars.
It is interesting to read old newspaper articles and hear about all the famous people who are no longer famous.
I am completely drunk.
Tom can't forget the time he and Mary had their first argument.
She went to the doctor when she felt aches in her left calf.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
I go to the bathroom.
It doesn't look like there's any big reason to hurry.
It had been so long since she had seen him, she actually had to check the yearbook to remember his last name.
Apple picking is not in season.
Her Youtube video was demonetized because it had a copyrighted song in it.
We need to talk.
Light roast coffee actually has the most caffeine.
You should brush your teeth soon.
He knows English better than I do.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
Are your grandparents still living?
Turn around and face the wall!
The school principal was so mean that all the children were scared of him.
Tom works for a big advertising firm in Boston.
My boyfriend prefers to watch movie trailers instead actual movies.
every decision has an antecedent.
He had always believed in magic.
I was so thirsty, I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
Being fashionable is fun.
Bobsled is a sporting event.
Parenting is awesome.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
I’m scared that he won’t ever come home.
If you go there, you will find him.
the number of miraculous self-healings will rise.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
I just saw the weirdest sidewalk.
You should consider the positive aspects of this breakup.
She is my grandmother.
The tree was so old that it was considered a historic monument.
If I may be honest, you're not looking good.
Why does it rain?
In fact, now that I think about it, it is unfair to improve society in any way whatsoever.
I think you're great.
Complaining is a bad habit.
This would be a fun place to get married.
The hardest part about being a reporter is getting in contact with people to interview.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
Your car is three times as big as this one.
I'll see to it.
She's a hypercritical monster.
Water damage sucks.
The tables were made of fake wood.
Skating is so much fun.
Being fashionable is not expensive.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
Thinking of the past is weird.
It's hard to distinguish fake news.
Stand up straight!
Ridiculous!
Somebody help me!
